[example] Explain package choice (#23938)
mui-org/material-ui: examples/create-react-app-with-typescript/README.md

## The idea behind the example

> This example demonstrates how you can use [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) with [TypeScript](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript). Additionally, it adds `@material-ui/core` and it's peer dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how you can use [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) with [TypeScript](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript). It includes `@material-ui/core` and its peer dependencies, including `emotion`, the default style engine in Material-UI v5. If you prefer, you can [use styled-components instead](https://next.material-ui.com/guides/interoperability/#styled-components) instead.
```
